"BEAUTY NATURALS Natural Cosmetics Night Cream"

BEAUTY FROM THE POWER OF NATURE. M. Asam "BEAUTY NATURALS Night Cream" (50 ml).  The new certified natural cosmetics line M. Asam BEAUTY NATURALS is effective and well-tolerated at the same time – for our skin, animal welfare and the environment!  The night cream regenerates the skin during sleep and supports nightly cell repair for strengthened and refreshed skin in the morning.    

Advantages:
✓ EcoCert Cosmos Natural tests and confirms 99% natural origin of the ingredients* 
✓ 100% vegan and cruelty-free (acc. to EU law since 2013) 
✓ Upcycled microalgae (Algaktiv® UpLift) provide more firmness, elasticity and a restructuring of the skin from the inside out 
✓ Supports the nightly repair of (UV-damaged) DNA of the skin cells 
✓ Regenerates, soothes and reduces tension 
✓ Proven to preserve and support the healthy microbiome of the skin** 
✓ Climate neutral certified by Climate Partner for a neutral CO2 footprint    

Results after application: The rich night cream from our natural cosmetics line supports the nightly regeneration process of the skin, making the skin look more refreshed, fresher and more radiant the next morning.  Nocturnal repair enzymes from green microalgae (Algaktiv®️ GenoFix Nite) ensure nightly cell repair, remove DNA oxidation of UV-damaged skin and provide more skin firmness, reduced wrinkle depth and improved skin radiance.  Organic argan butter, evening primrose oil and ceramides care for, moisturize and regenerate the skin, reduce feelings of tension and soothe for an overall improved complexion.  A special microbiome active ingredient (with probiotic lactic acid bacteria) demonstrably** preserves and supports the diversity and vitality of the skin microbiome and ensures a healthy balance.    

PropertiesSkin type: normal, dry skin and mature skin. 
Age: from 20 years, particularly suitable from 25 - 45 years. 
Care need: nightly regeneration and DNA cell repair, smoothing, moisture and a relaxed appearance the next morning. 
Texture: Cream. 
Fragrance: floral, powdery, green - perfume 100% natural origin.    

Ingredients: Algaktiv®️ UpLift, Algaktiv®️ GenoFix Nite (microalgae), ProRenew Complex CLR™ (microbiome active ingredient), evening primrose oil, almond oil, shea butter, ceramides, phytosqualaneBIO active ingredient:Bio Argan butter from certified organic farming (kbA)Clean Beauty:vegan and without mineral oils, without silicones, without microplastics, without dyes, PEGs, without parabens, without sulfates, without quats, without aluminum, without essential oils. 
When to apply: evenings after cleansing and, if necessary, the application of serum and eye cream. 
M. Asam "BEAUTY NATURALS Night Cream" (50 ml) Evenings after cleansing and, if necessary, applying serum and eye cream to face, neck and décolleté and massage in gently. 
NATURAL certified according to the COSMOS standard by Ecocert Greenlife. VEGAN. 
