"RETINOL INTENSE 24h Cream XXL"

24H FACE CREAM WITH REVOLUTIONARY RETINOL TECHNOLOGY M. Asam "RETINOL INTENSE 24h Cream" (100 ml).  The innovative M. Asam RETINOL INTENSE day and night cream from asambeauty now new with a clean formula and sustainable packaging!  The effective combination of retinol derivative and revolutionary encapsulated retinol ensures improved epidermal bioavailability, which increases skin compatibility.    

Advantages:
✓ Now NEW with revolutionary retinol technology* for improved epidermal bioavailability and increased skin compatibility 
✓ Visibly reduces fine lines and wrinkles 
✓ Retinol cream improves skin elasticity and skin firmness 
✓ Renew effect: Stimulates the production of new skin cells 
✓ Face cream refines the complexion and optimizes the skin relief 
✓ Can also help with acne, as the production of new skin cells is stimulated    

Results after application: Fine lines and wrinkles are visibly reduced and the skin's collagen production can be stimulated.  In conjunction with regenerating lipids, the anti-aging face cream counteracts all signs of skin aging and regenerates thinning, mature and UV light-damaged skin.  The anti-wrinkle cream improves skin elasticity and skin firmness, making facial features and contours appear firmer.  It can also help with minor blemishes by stimulating the production of new skin cells and refining the complexion.  Moringa oil acts as an antioxidant and protects against free radicals. Hyaluronic acid ensures intensively moisturized, plumped-up skin.    

Properties:
Skin type: normal - dry skin, thinning skin and combination skin. 
Age: from 35 years. 
Care need: Wrinkle smoothing, elasticity and resilience, refinement of the complexion, balancing of pigment spots, reduction of pimple marks and minor blemishesTexture: creamy-delicate texture. 
Fragrance: warm, sensual fragrance with a powdery-sweet vanilla note.    

Ingredients: Retinol, jojoba oil, cocoa butter, shea butter, moringa oil, hyaluronic acid, vegan.    


