"VINO GOLD 24h Face Cream XXL"

PATENTED* 24H PROTECTION AGAINST SKIN AGING. M. Asam "VINO GOLD 24h Face Cream" (200 ml).  The M. Asam face cream in XXL size now new with clean formulas and sustainable packaging.  The bestseller care from asambeauty has been sold more than 14 million times to date, thus providing probably the most convincing argument for its effectiveness and tolerability.  It contains our patented* VINO GOLD super-antioxidants, combining the most valuable, youth-activating active ingredients of the grape.  The skin is protected from harmful environmental factors and visible signs of premature skin aging can be reduced.    

Advantages:
✓ Protection against free radicals, the No. 1 cause of premature light-induced skin aging 
✓ Reduction of wrinkle depth by an average of 22.5 %*** 
✓ Patented* VINO GOLD grape power with super-antioxidants 
✓ International bestseller among 24h creams, now even better 
✓ Perfect basic care for every skin type and every age. 
Results after application: The patented* grape power cares for and protects against light-induced skin aging.  Fine lines are smoothed, plumped up with intensive moisture, wrinkle depth is reduced and the skin feels noticeably firmer.  The light texture with aloe vera, organic grape seed oil, ceramides and invigorating fragrance refreshes and soothes. The overall complexion appears improved.    

Properties:
Skin type: normal, slightly dry, combination skin. 
Age: from 25 years. 
Care need: Protection against premature skin aging due to free radicals, wrinkle reduction. 
Texture: Cream. 
Fragrance: citrus-fresh.  No.1 fragrance of the VINO GOLD line.    

Ingredients: Aloe Vera, organic grape seed oil, ceramides, patented* VINO GOLD active ingredient complex, vegan, Clean Beauty: without silicones & microplasticsWhen to apply: mornings and evenings after cleansingSustainability: sustainable refill jar
M. Asam "VINO GOLD 24h Face Cream XXL" (200 ml). 
Apply to the face mornings and evenings and massage in. 
Beauty tip: The use of natural ingredients often requires different dosage and application. 

VEGAN    


